What's new for System 6.0.4

This is a summary of the visible changes since System 6.0.3 was released.

Corrected File Auxtypes

SCSI.Manager, Finder, Start, and all system sounds.

OMF Files

OMF records are packed, resulting in less disk space for most program files (worst case is no change in file size), an optimization last implemented in System 6.0.1.

Control Panels

Control Panel NDA handles daylight savings time following the USA standard effective year 2007.

Each CDEV has an rVersion resource for consistency.

Sound CDEV handles finderSaysOpenFailed events by playing the sound resource in the file.

Slots CDEV supports ROM 4 "Mark Twain" hardware.

File System Translators

DOS 3.3, Pascal, and ProDOS FSTs corrected to use maximum pCount values.

Pascal FST checks that the Volume Control Record is actually a Pascal Volume Control Record.

Finder

When opening resource sound files with only a single rSound and no application is assigned to that file type, the Finder sends a finderSaysOpenFailed event. This lets the Sound CDEV play the sound (if no other system extension handles it first). Most sound files in the System:Sound folder can be played by the Finder.

File and volume sizes larger than one gigabyte, up to the maximum GS/OS allows, are properly displayed.

FST names in Finder windows no longer display garbage if a third party unknown FST is installed and used. Instead, no information is displayed.

Fonts and Sounds

Additional fonts are available: 
Courier 48, 56, 72, and 96
Helvetica 56
Symbol 9, 10, 12, 14, 18, 24, 36, 40, 48, 56, 72, 96
Times 56

Helvetica 96 and Times 96 have missing characters restored.

Various Macintosh system sounds have been added.

Installer

Installer sets the System folder's auxtype during Easy Update to permanently enable magic routing in the Finder. This only works if the System folder is unlocked.

New fonts and sounds can be installed through the Customize options "Fonts: All" and "Control Panel: Sounds" respectively.

Line Edit Tool

Line Edit control supports Control-A to jump to the start of the line and control-E to jump to the end of the line.

ProDOS 8

ProDOS 8 2.4.1 release from John Brooks is included.

Window Manager Tool

When JM Gothic is the System Font, the Window Manager uses JM Gothic instead of the hard-coded Shaston 8.